How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    I did not have to read every line, I only looked at the
    lines which had differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can jump back to previous versions if I have introduced
    a bug in newer versions

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    I do not want to have to search through tons of changes
    I would want to commit for biger changes, like when I
    add a new class.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    You can have multiple new files to commit if you add
    a feature to an app.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Have we convered this yet?

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I can always go back to a previous working version AND
    easily compare the differences

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Capturing older versions of my app!

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	
	I can quickly references previous code, look through a 
	smaller amount of code to find bugs, and have a back-up
	for emergencies and accidents.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	The obvious con is that you may forget to save! The 
	benefit is that saves are grouped logically, not by some other system that might produce too few or too many saves

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	It has to do with the purpose for the files. Google docs
	is meant for single files like docx and ppt. But Git is
	for app which can contain many files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	git log can show you the changes that have been made
	and git diff can show you the details of which lines
	and what the changes were.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	I know that I can easily checkout and go back to a
	previous version. And if I accidently delete a line
	I can go back and look at the differences between
	commits.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I want to try putting my own projects into it!
